add writeup for august (#180)
remotehack/remotehack.github.io: _hacks/29.md

---
hack_number: 29
date: 2022-08-27
---

> This hackday saw great success on CI for the hack itself. We got no update on the previous hack where Ryan may or may not have created a self-aware espresso machine that now controls his house. We also had some non-tech hacks, which is totally cool. We also saw some chat on the demise of Heroku and how everybody now has to move the stuff they forgot they had to another platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hackday saw great success on CI for the hack itself. We received no update on the previous hack, where Ryan may or may not have created a self-aware espresso machine that now controls his house. We had some non-tech hacks, which is totally cool. We also saw some chat on the demise of Heroku and how everybody now has to move the stuff they forgot they had to another platform.
```

## Things people did

- **Pete** hacked on his house move. No pics yet, but _soon..._

> - **Panda** picked up an [issue](https://github.com/remotehack/remotehack.github.io/issues/88) for the CI on our remotehack site to auto-commit an update to move the date of the next upcoming hack on the following month. Scrum master **Adam** was very pleased. After that, he then attempted to convert his AWS resources to terraform state, _somewhat_ successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Panda** picked up an [issue](https://github.com/remotehack/remotehack.github.io/issues/88) for the CI on our remotehack site, which auto-commits an update to move the date of the next upcoming hack on to the following month. Scrum master **Adam** was very pleased. After that, he then attempted to convert his AWS resources to terraform state, _somewhat_ successfully.
```
